charts/alertmanager-receiver/README.md, before:

# alertmanager-receiver

it's a prometheus alertmanager webhook reciver

## quick start

you can change the config before install, or you can install it, then update the secret, NOTE:secret is base64 encoded, then it will automatic upgrade the config, you don't need restart it

## support vendor

- ali cloud sms(阿里云短信服务)
- ding talk(钉钉机器人)

## 配置示例

```yaml
##厂商目前支持阿里云短信服务(alibaba),钉钉机器人通知(dingTalk)
providers:
  #阿里云短信服务
  alibaba:
    access_key_id: access_key_id
    access_key_secret: access_key_secret
    sign_name: sign_name
    template_code: template_code
  #钉钉机器人
  dingTalk:
    webhook_url: webhook_url
#************************************************************#
#接收者支持多个，多个接受者可以配置一个云厂商
receivers:
  - name: test1
    provider: dingTalk
  - name: test2
    provider: alibaba
    to:
      - 110
      - 119
  - name: test3
    provider: alibaba
    to:
      - 120
      - 134
```

Commit message:

update config format, change receiver list to map

charts/alertmanager-receiver/README.md, after:

# alertmanager-receiver

it's a prometheus alertmanager webhook reciver

## quick start

you must set config before start, NOTE:secret is base64 encoded, u can update config by update corresponding secret.then it will automatic upgrade the config, you don't need restart it

## support vendor

- ali cloud sms(阿里云短信服务)
- ding talk(钉钉机器人)

## 配置示例

```yaml
##厂商目前支持阿里云短信服务(alibaba),钉钉机器人通知(dingTalk)
providers:
  #阿里云短信服务
  alibaba:
    access_key_id: access_key_id
    access_key_secret: access_key_secret
    sign_name: sign_name
    template_code: template_code
  #钉钉机器人
  dingTalk:
    webhook_url: webhook_url
#************************************************************#
#接收者支持多个，多个接受者可以配置一个云厂商
receivers:
  #name
  test1:
    provider: dingTalk
  test2:
    provider: alibaba
    to:
      - 110
      - 119
  test3:
    provider: alibaba
    to:
      - 120
      - 134
```
